I haven't posted in a while, so this post is gonna be a little longer than the usual stuff.

I had a technical role in Polish Olympiad in Informatics this year. This took most of this week, and it wasn't exactly fun - I was being trained to replace the current staff leader along with a girl from my year (who caught a cold and, sadly, disappeared after the first day), and the whole contest shouldn't be handled by someone as counter-responsible as me. But I wrote one and a half software piece, so I guess that's a good thing.

This however took my attention away from studying for my exam retakes, so my weekend's gonna be harsh. I have to pick up as much of Calculus as possible. Same for Logic and Set Theory.

I suppose this explains well enough what I find so captivating about _Yuru Camp_, or as we here have taken to calling it, _Bieszczady Mountains: the Anime_ (don't worry if you don't get it, it's pretty much a Polish inside joke). It's all so damn calm.

I'm sick of constantly running. When I was in high school, everyone kept bringing up student parties and whatnot, and I took it as a sign of student life being relatively peaceful. Then I went to uni and all I can think of is along the lines of "_just a few more years, and I'll land a job and have some rest_". But I rest assured that once I get there it will be the exact opposite. Maybe I'll have to work at a corporation? Maybe I'll be forced to get into some unhealthy work-life balance, go to work parties often? That's just scary for me.
